c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\ForumSystem.Data.dll.config
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\ForumSystem.Data.dll
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\ForumSystem.Data.pdb
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\ForumSystem.Models.dll
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\ForumSystem.Models.pdb
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\obj\Debug\ForumSystem.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\obj\Debug\ForumSystem.Data.dll
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\obj\Debug\ForumSystem.Data.pdb
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\obj\Debug\ForumSystem.Data.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\obj\Debug\ForumSystem.Data.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\obj\Debug\ForumSystem.Data.Migrations.InitialCreate1.resources
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\obj\Debug\ForumSystem.Data.Migrations.InitialCreate2.resources
c:\users\datanasov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ForumSystem\ForumSystem.Data\obj\Debug\ForumSystem.Data.Migrations.Change_Post_and_Category_user_id_type.resources
